Update public docs for preview period (#240)
apollographql/apollo-cli: docs/source/index.mdx

import { Link } from 'gatsby';
import { colors } from 'gatsby-theme-apollo-core';

## Public Preview

> **Rover is in active, rapid development.** It should not be used in production projects. Rover commands are subject to breaking changes without notice.

> Rover's public preview period is currently active! During this time, the Rover team will be periodically be
> releasing beta versions of Rover for the public to test out, and give feedback on! During this period, the
> team plans to release new versions of rover every 2 weeks, with potential small patches for critical bugs
> in-between.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rover's public preview period is currently active! During this time, the Rover team will periodically
release new beta versions of Rover for the public to test out, and give feedback on! During this period, the
team plans to release new versions of Rover approximately every 2 weeks, with potential for small patches for critical bugs in-between.
```

> The documentation for Rover will include some commands that are still a work in progress, and thus can't be
> used. These commands will be noted as unreleased. If something is not noted as unreleased or a work in progress,
> you can assume **it should work**. If you experience issues using a command, _please_ 
> [open an issue](https://github.com/apollographql/rover/issues) and let us know!
> 
> During this period, we will not be accepting any public contributions to code, but **we welcome feedback or 
> questions** in issues!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The documentation for Rover will include some commands that are still a work in progress, and thus can't be
used. These commands will be noted as unreleased. If something is not noted as unreleased or a work in progress,
you can assume **it should work**. If you experience issues using a command, _please_ 
[open an issue](https://github.com/apollographql/rover/issues/new) and let us know!

During this period, we will not be accepting any public contributions to code, but **we welcome feedback or 
questions** in issues!
```
